---
published: 2024-11-21
---

i think i got super frustrated near the end of today. i was def sleepy which effected cognition heavily but it was super hard for me to understand the phd guy's talk. like i dont even understand transformers idk why i thought i would be able to keep up. we came in late too, but yeah i just didnt understand shit. anthony came in late too but he understood a lot more...

i didnt realize how far ahead that guy is pushing.

its like yeah, he's taking relatively the same courses as me ... we go to the same school ... 

man wtf . how is he so ahead.... know so much more... wtf. its so piss frustrating to me like i feel so behind.

thats just what i felt so hard today. man i feel like im locking in wayyy too late. its too frustrating . its so on me but its so frustrating.

additionally:
i think much of my frustration comes from not feeling part of the group. i wasnt told abt the talk today. wasnt told abt Apricity. not in the slack. im here by circumstance, i didnt seek it out. i dont have mutuals that can vet me, saying that im legit or that i wanna be here. i wasn't invited.

which is fine that is not the worst thing. but it just makes me feel so stupid i think. like too dumb to even think of inviting. i mean they not wrong but i still wanna learn regardless. its so sad feeling this way ... 

man im glad i wrote this out, its actually quite frustrating. i think im pissed. but like also i dont wanna just step away and say that im not interested in this shit. im not willing to accept im a bitch like that. guess i just harness that feeling and push thru but it feels so bad rn bro so bad. fk .

im reading more of  *the mountain is you* before i sleep.