---
published: 2024-11-03
---
## finished:

cook

explored:
	sunday grind sesh, learned more about transformers and about attention. 

studied 251 a little bit ...
## to-do list

study 251 - look at 251 CYU, problems + solve 
- review for calc midterm
- review for 281 midterm
study prob

---

- look into (explore):
	- cursor AI video
	- transformers
		- rewatching 3blu1brown NN series
	- ml folder in dialy reivew
	- openAI clip (come back with spare brainpower, this shit actually hard)
		- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXD6O93Ptks
		- https://medium.com/@paluchasz/understanding-openais-clip-model-6b52bade3fa3
## journal

did like sochratica esque thing i think today, was rly fun. felt like information overload, lotta terms i def didnt understand. 

too cringe man. too depressing how mid i am. too cringe man 

talking with andrew today, bro im so mid. compared to that guy im pr mid. ah fk, lotta things to do bro. no more wasting time. ive wasted so much time. 

man im so mid, im so over it man so over it. im complacent for no reason.


---

writing genuine thoughts for homie andrew:

basically i realized how compatiable we were only now i think. its like you only know you love her when you let her go type shit but basically now that we not chilling tgt i realized how fking compatiable we were. like simliar mindsets i feel. maybe because both TW? both like poor? idk ? but like def super open minded so it felt like it leaded to lotta intersesting conversations about everything

can def admire the growth mindset you had back then, cuz its something im tryna achieve rn. can def admire the way you are able to maintain connections, lotta things to learn from you which is one of the main reasons i wanna live w you. 

basically for the argument of living alone vs living tgt, i think i would have more growth living tgt for sure but that may not necessarily be the same for you. i think if i lived alone  i was envisioning a super quiet life. i would maybe be able to borrow the car over the summer so its like live alone, clock in clock out, go mma practice until like 8pm, go home, meal prep / cook, leetcode / do projects, sleep.

in that way its super quiet, super healthy (eat well, sleep well, just keep learning) but i dont think i would grow that much, sure a lot of learning is happenign but like no character growth. 

whereas with you i see myself constantly workign hard / playing hard
- go stanford, meet ppl
- go parties, meet ppl
- go other intern events, meet ppl
- grind projects tgt
- grind leetcode tgt
- and just growing myself and most importantly my character and like who i am and the friends i have

overall every day w you i can imagine just doing somethingi genuinely believe in whether thats like after work im doing mma until im passed out exhausted or like after work im grinding leetcode then hitting up a party, meeting cool ppl then going home exhausted. i think i just wanna be exhausted LMAO, but genuinely just grinding and working super hard and playing super hard and ill be pr happy with that, and i think if thats our goal we can do it bro !

so like i think end of the day its a choice between peace vs growth, if i live alone theres peace, but if i live tgt with you its growth. and i was planning on heavily considering peace, but then you msg'ed and you were like "we gotta lock in" and then its liek hella inspirational to me cuz i was rdy to tap out, (not acutally but like try the super peaceful life and see how that goes) but then i see you are still going full gas and well fk. its like a wake up call i need to do that too .

you wrote cons section so ima write one too of any i can think of wrt. us living tgt:
- i think there have been moments we were certianly on edge against each other.
	- i think largely that was my fault and i was being toxic
		- but i believe ive changed / am tryna get better at that so if you can believe that then i think we will be ok 
		- and we are both tryna be open minded as hell so i think it shuold be alr!
- i think we can acutally echo chamber
	- which can be a good and bad thing, like we have the potential to echo chamber each other is good and bad ways.
- i think its importnat to maintain autonomy, 
	- i think if we do stay together with the same goals we have a tendency to want to do the same shit always, which is fine but i do have to maintain autonomy i think