---
published: 2024-11-22
---
## finished:

explored : 
- went to mma club did sparring for an hour,
	- learned:
		- most important to judge distance and dodge leg kicks if possible
		- else, check leg kicks by learning into it 
		- else bring it up and check if hitting the side.
	- i wanted to get more technical, feeling out when they do what, countering better
	- i think im super bad at reading movements, idk where to look + i also get super scared of punches. 

did laundry 

talked to : bryson + hadrion (getting lunch with hadrion soon )

##### did not do's:
- any fking schoolwork i was tired as hell..
## to-do list

- study 10 chapters of prob

---

- look into (explore):
	- cursor AI video
	- transformers
		- rewatching 3blu1brown NN series
	- ml folder in dialy review
	- openAI clip (come back with spare brainpower, this shit actually hard)
		- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXD6O93Ptks
		- https://medium.com/@paluchasz/understanding-openais-clip-model-6b52bade3fa3
## journal

no gym today, also want to invest more time into MMA, i think i get a lot of fulfillment outta it. super hard stuff willing to spend way more time and get good at it. its like a game but irl LMFAO. im tryna climb the academic and physical ladder.

i need to cut my bangs for mma, thats how hard i want to all in

worked myself physcially, but not mentally. even when i go this hard its still pr hard to go to sleep early.

woke up late, but im tryna regain back my life.

went to sleep late, idk what i was doing... genuinely dk how to fix this part of me...
