---
published: 2024-10-24
---
## finished:

check lost and found
- listed it in cs found emaililng list

prob lecture checkpoint

- explore:
	- read more about globilization for ~15 min while exhausted
	- learned about DRIP and DCA more
	
- life
	- groceries 
	- cook
## to-do list

- re-study prob 
	- maybe finish pset?
	- check piazza if needed (then ask samee, milen if they worked on it alr)
- get caught up with calc in 3d 
- do pset?

- life
	- laundry unfolding 

- look into (explore):
	- cursor AI video
	- transformers
		- rewatching 3blu1brown NN series
	- ml folder in dialy reivew
	- openAI clip (come back with spare brainpower, this shit actually hard)
		- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXD6O93Ptks
		- https://medium.com/@paluchasz/understanding-openais-clip-model-6b52bade3fa3
### future:

- apply:
	- (for all 1st year 2nd year internships...)
		- write a cover letter
## journal

tired as hell in the morning, barely able to get anything out of classes in the morning. 

highly inefficient, dont wanna stay up that late anymore at all. 

i want to start waking up at 7 am each day if possible, we shall see if that works out

goofy ass story wrt. to groceries today, gained a lot from it i think.

writing from oct 25:
rly bad day, slept late and didnt adhere to my principles, it was a bit warm in my room making ithard to slepe. i just didnt sleep. ah fk its so bad. i need to wake up early and go to sleep exhausted. i imagine if i kept studying i would have got in like 3 hrs of good studying before passing out. 

- made the start to 10/25