---
published: 2024-05-22
---
been a couple of days since the last journal entry.

ive been experimenting with schedules and i think i will try to maintain energy levels a bit better so that im not instantly exhausted the moment i come home.  - so i can journal more

very good day, finally reaching what i might call happiness - really happy to find that there might still be hope for me to like at least be happy in corporate, thats good to think about! like i still have smth and i still have options to explore. might be pr satisfied doing this for a couple of years, will have a lot of time to grind evertyhign else

had a really great deep talk with the rooomie today about time vs energy management and also how to think about conversations and just being natural and shit. it was really good!

first deep talk with the roomie and im glad its happening so early

talked about how if we viewed the day with like two lenses where one was 

1. did some work in the morning but it was pr minimal, wasn't able to get much work done later tonight 
	1. = depressed
2. did some work in the morning but it was pr minimal, my energy was drained asf, hung out with friends later and was able to recharge all my energy was it was overall very good!
	1. =happy  + good day

and so i realized just how inherently immature my get shit done mindset was in terms of sabotaging my own happiness AND my own productivity.

holy shit i had to read so many self help books to get that...

also thought about how im free from my fear of spending money. its the kind of generational trauma i definitely inherited which i was scared to fking death of getting but i kind of had no choice of getting it, from seeing how my parents grew up and the principles that they instilled in me.

like  for example ill be unhappy not eating something nice, but ill be even more unhappy spending money to eat something nice, and thus ill stop myself from recieving ANYTHIGN nice for the sake of "saving" money. i was really scared of getting this one cuz i saw how toxic it was from seeing my parents and how they are also struggling with this, but i def also got it from how i act now.

kind of shit and resutling in my overall unhappiness

i realize now that i have so much self sabotaging like ways of making sure im unhappy, i think part of this is because i inherently believe that being happy is to be selfish ykwim like if you have enough time to be happy go be useful and do some good in the world...

but like i need to inherently understand that as im happy i can be able to do so much more and so much more good with the additional energy that I have...

so much ive learned from self help books!

also milen texted me today with made me really happy!

overall a lot of happiness!!
beginning of school year type levels of happiness !!

-shit is easy and no stress so far... i wonder how things will progress as we move along....

overall rn things are pr great tho!
