---
published: 2025-11-11
---

my only goal is to make the best decision at every timestep. lets try and do that for the next month. be the best version of myself i can be. do it for her.

testing sleep hack, actionable items:
1) sleep at 11:30, wake up 5:30
2) 3 hrs before bed no heavy meals, 2 hrs no work, 1 hr no screens
3) 1 hr before do: dim warm lights, gratitude journalling, thought dump
4) immediately waking up: 10 min of sunlight, cold water or movement

---

i actually like: https://www.youtube.com/@escaping.ordinary a lot 

atomic habits notes:
1) must try to change identity itself, not processes nor outcomes
2) think about habit feedback loop

law 1 (make it obvious):
1) i will [behaviour] at [time] at this [location]
2) after [current habit] i will [new habit]
3) one space one use

law 2: make it attractive
1) temptation bundling - associate a habit we need to do with one we want to do
2) find groups to join where the habit you desire is the norm
3) think about where surface cravings manifest from  (the deeper underlying motives)
4) highlight positives of habits rather than negatives
5) break a bad habit by making it less attractive, make it as difficult as possible

law 3: make it easy
1) reduce friction to good habits
2) 2 min habit

law 3: make it satisfying
1) mismatch between immediate and long term with good and bad habits
	1) reward immediately for good habits (longer term) vice versa for bad
2) reward yourself and feeling progress
	1) use habit trackers, accountability partners, visual signals (marbles, paperclip)
3) on bad days, just show up regardless of any excuses.
4) break a bad habit 
	1) accountabiltily partners
	2) habit contracts

----

also completely missed spar midterm deadline, need to grind to make up for that.

----

the sleep last night was not optimal at all. additionally the piece of time between 3 and 6:30 wasn't great either. around 3 hrs lost truly. watching cooking videos is not optimal.

ok i was just distracted today.


----

also in the midst of it all, it seems i am doing ok. i dont even want swe that bad tbh. would much rather be doing research with surf / sura. farm hella aura like that.

---

hit 1100 rapid today