---
published: 2025-06-24
---
# finished:

work
looked into ai code editors 
setup automatic syncing with journal
## todo:

invest some time into 
- looking for best ai code editor 
- looking for other ai based toolings to help building

- want to get automatic syncing with my journal
- want to build app that tracks time with buddies
	- instant emotional feedback
	- celebrate small wins
	- use mascot to show expressions
	- include good progress animations
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Du2lkZ_cux8
	- polish builds trust
	- keep it approachable
	- build for people not pros
	- performance < product feel
- build mnist using pytorch
- apply to ijm + other remote jobs

----

##### menial:
need to write posting for housing for spring
need to figure out how internal transfer at amazon works

get email by calling super8

look at car shipping costs 
book uber to plane and get reimbursed

set such that journal entries auto populate in github.
- i have a live website a chenchi.blog. i am implementing using astro. i have md i use to display a journal entry. i have a md entry every day. i save these md files in google drive. I'm hosting via github pages. Is there some way to automate the github process such that whenever i create a new journal entry i dont need to do a github push manually?

put most of my money in hysa
get the good credit card with 5%

write up a CV with everything?

----
##### todo before sleep:

**always:**
apply to like 2-3 jobs before sleep 
do a couple leetcode easy 

want to write manifest

----
##### hang:

need to make sure i get may util money from prakash
# journal

today is the day i have fully automated my website workflow, hopefully this serves me well doing this in hopes i journal more.