---
published: 2025-05-30
---
first week of work done, took today as a complete rest day. i want to start verbalizing these notes even more and talk more about how i feel about each day. just say it out loud so i dont have to complain to my friends / have them live rent free in my head. 

i think ive missed the point of a journal completely, only ever talking about what i need to do etc. - not how i feel. then i got used to not talking it out via text on my journal

honestly this first week went by pr bad. didnt meet anyone. cant connect with team. work is cancer boring. i dont enjoy it or find it meaningful at all. 

im in a bad state right now. im more inadequate than ever. what i know, everyone else knows. i learn slower than everyone else. i have worse work ethic. i have no real friends - nobody i can count on. ive either pushed them away or they have abandoned me. haven't been a good friend - have no friends. have no work ethic. have no knowledge, don't know cs. don't know politics. don't know the world state. dont even think it matters.

i am nothing. 

im feeling the imposter syndrome pr hard rn. 

it is slow incremental changes i need to make to regain this self confidence thing. i also need to abandon my ego. finishing the book will help with that. small goals will help. lets work on leet code. maybe play chess once or twice a day - with deep analysis. watch one or two videos on lc, 

tomorrow im doing laundry and writing for like maybe the first half of the day tomorrow. taking a cold shower too. need to think carefully

this will likely go into a proper blog article. also want to go completely public tmrw