---
published: 2025-02-17
---
## finished:

finish part 1 of neural comp pset
finish pages of stats notes 2
do stats quiz
## to-do list:

finish part 2 neural comp 

slowly read **AISES** course

check neural comp
neural comp review 
need to turn on autopay for DLC electric

----

#### low prio:

##### research:
- look for youtuber (need to find heuristics)
- paste video into chat
- do spreadsheet template
- record coding schema for 50 videos 
##### menial:
- check from menial checklist when i have time
##### exploratory:
- check from exploration checklist when i have time
##### AISES course:
- need to read chapt on ai fundamentals before thurs
- fill out this as well:
	- https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdYgAovXwhq8klRMFzdjJxQdAjZOsPbNMulZLF7YVhSzcRkRw/viewform

---
# journal

super important chat with tani today. i once again realized how much ive been thru. and that somewhat explains why / how im so behind compared to everyone else. ive had my opportunities and others have had their's. at this point all thats left is to steal everything to become the best person i can be.

at the same time i can use that to be confident in myself as well. I am who i am cause of the things i went thru. no one else went thru the same things as me in this school. not many can do that and come out the way i am.

i realized i was raised with a lot of other values in mind. not ones super geared towards success. even ones that weren't necesarily taught to me were implicitely taught to me cause of the circumstances. 

one example is my crippling league of legends addiction that I have that i sunk infinite hours into. i had low agency ofc as a kid, but as a kid you are sorta of instilled into believing you have low agency. at least thats how it was in my family. never empowered type shit. truly very tragic. I had to fight for my own agency against the current, which is something that didn't really ever happen when I was living at home. truly felt powerless, because I was powerless. 

man i only realize now how damning that was and even writing about it my heart aches at the pain. sometimes i walk in teh door never sure if my mother will be happy or sad. if i have to deal wth another goddamn tantrum or not. no agency to decide the outcome. no power to calm her if shes geekin.

no power to help my brother in any situation 

ofc i jsut spent the nights away playing a useless game, constantly believing i couldn't do shit. ofc i used it to cope. ofc my highly successful friends never had a problem like this. they were empowered and chillaxing.

shit was act tragic. ofc i couldn't do amc math. ofc i didnt believe that i could. ofc i didnt do research. ofc i didnt pay attention in school. i didnt believe that i could. i didnt believe that i even needed to, only focus on surviving. only priority is making sure mom wasnt losing it.

I can only work to fix them now with the autonomy that i have. 

but anyways i write not to forget these feelings. the moment i forget the pain is the moment that i think im truly mediocre. when accounting for the past, (not to toot my own horn but) not many could walk out the way i did, when faced with the same challenges i did. in that own way im maybe a just a little bit brilliant after all.

going back to what i was saying about stealing from others. 

theres a lot i can learn from my high achieving peers in uni. one of the main ones is agency this comes from a nang talk i attended wehre he talked about the "say do ratio". who are teh people who are doing what they say they will do? to me that defines agency. the power to think rationally individually and then execute on said plan. I was a person with low agency. maybe due to lower self confidence from my past.

but thats not the end all be all. we are rational young adults in college. we have a very high degree of control over our lives at this point. we can do whatever we want. and with that we need to learn in whatever way we can how to improve ourselves and our shortcomings. to me I overcome that problem via theft.

not actaully ofc.

thats illegal.

but heres an example: i room with justin. hes pr cool. he has a lotta cool traits that he picked up from idk where. but these are desirable traits to me. for example he is just super curious and loves to learn about like cs and shit. i always wondered where that came from but recently its been rubbing off on me a lot. 

i also recently realized that i used to hate learning prbably. maybe its because i realized it so mcuh only now that i have learned to love it more. but i wanted to pinpoint where it stemmed from and likely it was because i felt i had to learn or die. there was no choice. I had no agency in the matter. learn or be poor. learn or starve on the streets. my brother has a very rough future, learn or he dies. my parents are old and not that educated and dont have that much agency. learn or they get fked too.

so in this way i had to learn like my life depended on it. I had no choice. I was bad at it too. I didn't want to in the first place. so many responsibliites. in an environment like that its hard to come to enjoy the learning process. not like the other fkers who have cushy lives and parents who love them. man ofc i didn't learn to love learning. 

but in an environment surrounded by justin and his community of people who love learning, its definitely rubbed off on me completely. im srue the distance from teh family helps. I dont think they are a good influence on me which is fine to think. you can think anyone is a bad influence on you. 

anyways i stole desirable traits from people who have it. this is my definition of theft. he still has it tho so maybe i just copied it off of him. theivary is prolly the wrong word carrying the wrong connotation.

the intuition for this is simple. in the above example, i hated learning because it was what I HAD to do. Justin prolly loves learning because he was given the chioce of doing wahtever he wanted. he was prolly empowered to love the proceess. I just had hella late start compared to him, im starsting only now. but anyways ofc hes gonna learn to love learning. ofc im going to hate it. 

but even though i had a diff background than him, one that was def not so cushy, i can still gain access to teh traits that he gained. the ones that he gained only because he had access to such a cushy life. so in sense i was able to gain access to the benefits that his cushy life was able to grant him, all wihtout needing the prerequisite of having the cushy life to begin with. 

hopefully its starting to be clear how much of a cheat code this is. you can get the good traits you want, without needing the life and background that gives you those traits. all you have to do is steal them from people who already have them. this is so OP cuz the life and background is not something that you can control, its not something that everyone has equal acess to. its nothing you can change yourself. powerless. agency-less. but with the stealing technique you can still chagne your life for the better and gain good traits. you have power and agency to make it happen.

its a shortcut that bypasses the need to have a good background. it can also make up for lost things that you didnt have whether it be by mistakes you made or by choices that were outside your control. for example if you didnt know love because your parents never taught it to you, you can still learn it from your friends (thats what worked for me, (not that my parents divorced tthey jsut didnt love each other)).

anyways, this is my solution to the background problem. if your life is shit / was shit. surround yourself with people who had it good / have what you are looking for. and in that way im sure you will come to gain those traits as well. 

----

footnote :

i say cushy in comparison, justin if you ever read this know that i don't think your life was actually acutally that easy. not like mega yacht billionaire type easy. but do know that you have high achieving, hard working dad, with a loving family  that supported you ... (my heart aches as i type this unironically. like eyes are watering kinda cuz this is all i ever wanted) so to me you had it pr nice. no offense tho, i hope none is taken. you are still hella good influence on me and i love you a lot
