---
published: 2025-11-30
---

travelling is such a joy, you can go to all the places your friends have been to as well.

so many good things to write about.  flight to lhr from jfk was mid, person next to me was vaping, sleep was poor, felt nauseous as shit after the flight.

got off, got scammed w ticket prices (used a really poor heuristic to make my decision), got on the train, asked some randoms for directions + food rec's

got to paddington station, went into paddington store, still need to find chance to get sm for sk. 

stepped out onto british streets and it felt magical. double decker red british busses, cold, gloomy, dark, damp, rainy, it had a very dark - blackish vibe. idk how to describe it was quite magical. everyone is dressed in dark academia esque vibe speaking the funny harry potter accent. honestly its amazing, i love this city.

the british museum is honestly amazing, when i have more time i think ill want to stick around for like 2 weeks just to explore everything properly.

the parks in the uk are honestly very cool as well. saw:
1) a dawg running around playing with a soccer ball and pushing it with its head
2) two ppl doing tai chi
3) some chess boards and table tennis setups
4) a dainty cafe that ill go to today for brekky
5) hella ppl dressed well in trench coats and shit

---

fish and chips are just mid though im sorry.

---

OMG. full english is SO YUMMY. OJ SO YUMMY.

----

not a negative but noticed i spent too much time in the morning, thinking in bed about what to do. woke up early in hostel and there were 6 others sleeping and i was top bunk. didnt want to wake anyone and also wanted to start my day so was tryna figure out best course of action. its ok to have a heuristic to just leave immediately get fresh air, walk around, get the gears turning, and then think. 

moral of the story is i need to adjust the planning / action threshhold 