---
published: 2025-08-09
---

lmao two days ago i said i would journal, i didnt end up journalling.

---

get busy living or get busy dying. i watched a lot of random film this summer. its quite easy actually. when you have nohting else to do and nobody to talk to you end up doing a lot of nothing. for me i ended up occupying that time up with film. just watched inglourius basterds. watched shawshank redemption and a couple others this summer. 

idk if i can quantify this summer as good or not. it felt like purgatory. idk if i can actually say it was hell. to me that can be defined as me constantly tryin to change myself but nothing happening. even now during the last week i feel at my lowest. i dont think ill get the return offer. i spent my summer diong nothing but working. i did other things like rot but i did nothign else.

tried diong some research. got poor feedback. did some discovering, just discovered i was mediocre. that just lowers the ego more. every day that i spend rotting i just feel worse. i should just stop. 

im actually ruining my life.  

theres a great sadness in my heart i think. and its been there for more than a year i think. this is the worst year of my life. things need to change.  i can force it to change. 

the only thing holding me back is my mindset. i also think im not even that invested in CS, and that i would rather be dicking around in the mountains or in a random lake in canada. am i quantifying the metric of success based off what my peers quantify it as ? do i have the same goals as them  ? i dont think i did when i entered uni and i shoudn't now. 

tomorrow i do lunch with my uncle. ill work more and try to get my checklist for work done for tomorrow. i need to write out my message for akhil this summer. maybe plan and try and get photo gift taking gift (# IVY 2 Mini Photo Printer Pure White). (want to be more thuoghtful) will also try and get the spar applications in. also need to talk to cmu prof's for research. also need to do laundry.

feeling really good about this gift plan to akhil. cant wait to execute actually.

today was poor but not the worst. lets be optimisitc. tomorrow will be better.

---

a man needs a routine before bed. we want to sleep cool, we want to get exacltly the sleep cycle we want. i also want to journal, set up a system. likely the best is to clean up, journal, and just chill and read for 30 min. 
