---
published: 2025-05-08
---
## finished:

texted back the girl i met at 98k + tell her im not intersted 

emailed amazn to ask about travel details
got cavity patched up - 2x
got contact prescription + plus some trial pairs
got phone holder for car
transmission oil swapped - ty dad
cleaned phone as well

finally did comprehensive planning for everything that needed to be done before work

did comprehensive research for what i need for road tri

----

# journal

ah fk its a grind, im so tired and ive been rotting so hard

Message to the one girlie i met at 98k who asked me out:

It went well I think, not sure if I was able to clutch the A, but if not it is what it is.

Listen, Eva, I'm really sorry to tell you this and I think you are really sweet, but I don't think I can do a serious relationship right now. I'm just too focused on myself and I'm lowkey rather busy as well. I travel around and I'll be in the bay all of this summer for work so I will likely not even have time / energy to maintain something long distance. I'm busy to the point where I feel if I were in a relationship it would be more of a punishment for my partner than anything else. 

I guess this is something you may have noticed based off the infrequency of my responses ... sorry about that. At the very least you definitely do not deserve to get ghosted and I wanted to send a message to you that this is something I can't maintain.

Honestly you're really sweet and I wish you all the best in your future whether it be your love life or streaming or anything else!