---
published: 2025-03-08
---

didnt do much yesterday, was just chiling with sungah. 

brithday message:

HAPPY BIRTHDAY SAMEE

ig the first quality that comes to mind when i think of you samee, is that you are really caring. i remember like so many instances you just reach out tryna cover my bitchass when im late for an assignment. always asking if i finished something in case I didnt and i need help. those are pr obvious examples, more subtle ones i remember are like when you wished me luck before the hackathon and pr stressed for it, or when reached out during the break to ask what i was up to and check up on me.

the last one is a struggle of mine, i often get so caught up in what i need to do that i don't check in with my buddies but when they check up on me, i feel so warm inside fr. in that last example it kinda highlights how I often feel you are caring to the point its sometimes disproportionate. and lowk i feel its pr true. at least for me.

when you were stressed to the point you were almost brought to tears for the neural comp exam, that was act a memory that scared me a decent amt. it ate me up lowk. i want to be someone who can act as a pillar of strength just as you do for me. and i couldnt cheer you up  / calm you when you needed that strength even though you always pull thru for me.

ill end this birthday msg on a happier note. theres two things i want to communicate with this message. 

firstly, I hate feeling like I've recieved more than I've given. ill grow stronger so that i can be a pillar of strength for the homies. given thats the case i want you to feel that im a resource you can call upon at any point. anytime you need a sauce. anytime you need a friend. anytime you are sad or stressed, i want you to talk to someone, and i will always lend an open ear at any point if it is me. don't let it get to the point where you are stressed to tears. 

second, dont think it goes unnoticed how much you care! I feel that warmth fs!

I'm happy you care so much for me and ill be happy to be a resource that can help support you happiness ! im wishing you all the happiness on your special day, and im hoping more good days come in your future! 

addendum:

i ended up rewriting this and rewording and shortening a couple times to convey what i wanted the most.

also sorry, i meant to write this on a card but i bought one, left it in my bike bag and it snowed, thawed and the water seeped thru the bag, so the card was giga soaked HAHA. and my stingy ass wasnt willing to drop another 8 dlrs on a card 💀💀