---
published: 2025-10-26
---

woke up pr motivated but i think thats cuz i 1) got great sleep and 2) went to sleep reading substack so i premoved the motivation. implemented website push today. want to keep up positive vibes.

ok from now on its growth mindset. i have all the tools necessary to improve myself. i track my time properly so when it disappears i know where it goes. no lamenting that i breaked or rotted. just figure out why and remove it from implementation. despite waking up motivated i still breaked for two hrs. additionally i was low productivity and not much got done. 

i attribute some of it to weird sleep. i also notice that i sleep instead of break. as euphoric as napping is, i find i spend like 11 hrs a day sleeping. this mcuh is likely dulling my senses. im saying shit that all seems very obvious in retrospect. **the simple fix** is to sleep as early as posisble tn. this *will* get done

also one thing that is super poor is that i like to 1) assign one thing to do per day and if i get that done i count it as a good day. im wayy busier than that so prolly want to start juggling more. 2) i cant get a consistent work sesh in. my adhd brain gets tired or switches context too much. the counterfactual is that i know this isnt true. ive done it before for work and under pressure. the **solution is**: wake up, plan, get on campus and work. this *will* get implemented tmrw. results tbd

intuition is that if i see all the tasks to get done ill wake up pressured, motivated and aware of more tasks than 1. i also heavily suspect working at home is decreasing hella productivity.

---

today was mediocre, i can still make it productive. what i will not do is flame myself. whats done is done. it will be truly bad if tomorrow i dont implement the changes that i listed out.