---
published: 2025-01-24
---
## finished:
##### today's research :
- do CITI training
##### school:
- daily review:
	- review last two pages of stat
	- need to study last bit of 210
	
	- read parenLab reci section
	- read parenlab writeup

	
	- **realized** this is pr cooked (will review more when doing pset by watching lecture or lookign deeper or querying with gpt):
		- review neural comp
##### today's menial:
- laundry
- asked more about independent study for cred
##### today's exploration:
- transformers  
	- reviewed last video of 3b1b transformers - where llms store facts
## to-do list:

#### high prio:

##### school:
- start working on parenLab
- finish up neural comp hmwrk
- do stats hmwrk
##### today's exploration:
- transformers  
	- 3b1b 1 hr visualization
	- yannic kilcher

----

#### low prio:
##### today's research :
- reach out to group members: yiyao etc.
- contact thanushi and carol
	- look at data
	- look at past models used
	- look at prospective interesting models or approaches
	- and consider possible modalities to focus on for now

##### menial:
- check fridge for bad goods

- gotta move into minjunes room
- gotta switch tables in workspace area

- sign up for citibank custom cash
- research internal transfer amzn
##### exploratory:
- cursor / pearAI - IDE's
- transformers  
- openAI clip
- read from read list 
- read less wrong blogs
- scott aaronson blogs


---
# journal

so sleepy today ...

really really bad sleep and work cycle today. like so bad it scared even me. the naps i take in my room are super unoptimal cuz the room is always super warm, thus i always sleep forever. 

maybe need to pull all nighter? not sure how to fix to be honest?

today was not great in terms of productivity. i still learned a decent amt wrt. to transformers. i also rotted an insane amt today. not high prio. i also dk how important it is to stay at home... easier to lock in but i act gotta lock in.

man so awk.