---
published: 2025-06-28
---

i think ive been reading good things, and ive gained more agency. idek what happened but its been a good change and just something i needed for so long. im doing whats scary and that's good!

building khronos.app is legit the most fun ive been having since like discovering bjj. man this shit elite. 

later this last day i got called out for vibe coding up khronos.app. and i took that as me getting belittled for not being able to do it myself. to be fair i have no idea what im doing.

that led to these feelings:

man i hate feeling mid. i hate it act so much. today was not locked in. i want to head into the office i think i need to keep doing that to feel better and to have zero distractions. i hate feeling like im getting left behind. cuz i am getting left behind. im not actively choosing the best options for growth at the present moment.

its act crazy how bad it is. im just gonna say this publicly cuz this is how i feel but i feel that i cant be loved the way i am rn. its so cooked. i really need to develop myself. in ways that are more than just grinding.

do i work to forget the other feelings? whats going on ...

if i have to sack work thats fine. i think its arguably much more important to get this hackathon submission in and to get some feedback. i feel that if i hear from other builders that this is lit ill feel a lot better.

to be fair its pr simple but like i could not do it so quickly prolly. 

i need to get myself out of the house and also need to secure research at a good lab and also need to grind leetcode and also start job grind and also meet people and also find a woman and also ...

feeling really panicked. lets get out tomorrow to a cafe and just chill. so many emotions right now. i think half of it comes from starting to do things. before i pulled the ostrich tech and put that shit in the sand. heads up and the peaks looks so tall. i feel i cant catch up but its just a step by step manuver. man fk.

MAN FK WHAT IS GOING ON . im act losing it. zero friends. need to find the grind group. cant even maintain relationships. ah im act feeling giga failed rn. failed human.

work to forget all the feelings. ah i act dk. i act dk. gotta become ok with myself.