---
published: 2025-09-12
---

there is no try, there is only do. like what yoda said.

kinda nervous, finding teammates 

----

ok what a day. what an intense series of emotions in the past 6 hrs since the hackathon began. holy moly. i think its good overall. had a lot to evaluate upon myself. 

im evaluating the hackathon experience as a whole:
i think ...

1) i need to improve on working under pressure / emotion regulation; 
	- heuristics include: 
		- staying calm, not being hasty, not panicking
	- actionable items include:
		- waiting and breathing before every decision
		- taking a walk (go outside)
		- talking with friends
		- take 1000 ft view, understand whats important, see #2:
2) good takeaway from trump is like dont give a f
	- he doesnt care about anything at all, instantly moving on is both good and bad. both things needs moderation. i think i likely care too much, i need to care less and iterate faster.
	- i think a good reflection of this ideology is this would have broken me a lot more in the past. woulda thought i was a failure for certain.
3) good intuition is super important
	- high agency people come up with good ideas / good solutions often and fast
	- conversely its often easy for them to understand when an idea is bad
	- additionally its often easy for them to regulate emotion easily
	- *i can only increase intuition with experience* - i was not born with good intuition, i did not have the best environment - no leaders with good intuitions
		- i will only ever be behind compared to peers thats ok - do not get demoralized do not feel self pity. everything is my fault but learn from each experience meaningfully
4) learning
	- i walked in with "i need to win mindset", instead of "i need to learn". most experiences should be a *learn not win* mindset at least in this stage of my life. this leads to #5
5) preparation
	- i did not nearly prep enough for this hackathon. more lit review needs to be done. more practical knowledge needs to be had. I didn't have required pre-requisite skills, this failure is my fault. I only have myself to blame.
	- i should focus on improving slowly and steadily and building myself up to a spot where I'm super prepared and the goal seems super feasible to picture
	- i don't know if im someone who can exponentially grow in this kind of setting with time pressure and intellectual setting. im likely someone who works super poorly under pressure, to counteract that i need to prepare more.
6) leadership
	- one of the problems was that i couldnt lead and delegate tasks effectively. in this setting there are two solutions:
		- 1: find teammates who are more autonomous or understand the paradigm better
		- 2: onboard teammates better to understand the project more (do this prior to hackathon starting)
		- 3: increase preparation exponentially, dictate and list out all tasks that need to be delegated.

given that extensive list from just over the weekend, i would say i learned a lot. i can reflect on the failure modes and say that what happened was i lacked good regulation / management in all of these fields above. for a manner of a couple hours i would say i learned a lot of good lessons so it was profitable overall. 
