---
published: 2026-03-04
---

realized that despite yst feeling fine, productivity output was real low when looking at my finished todo list. i have a good feeling about today though, lets lock in. 5:30 am, ill have my first break at 4:30 pm. 11 hrs to lock in completely.

also noticed I woke up at 5 am, maybe 4:55 am ish and it took 30 min to wash face, brush teeth, and do skin care.

**5:30 am now**

hrm i stared at skin for prolly an hour and a half. this is maybe not the most productive. need to dial better morning routine. prolly wake up, step out, wash face, skincare, read 30 min, then start my day.

**6:30 am now**

showered, read the last proj proposal, left a comment, ate-ish

**10 am now**

started my day super tired w no sleep at 5am, overall not optimal. im also being annoying prolly - could be more optimal to sleep more instead of being sm that occupies her ram. i think ill work on the bottle thing today, get her sm warm to eat / drink.

i need to get sleep and work hard. this is not good even if im not doing a lot of rotting.

**10:15 am now**

ready to take a nap prolly. realized i cannot be sacrificing my opportunities because she isnt either.

**10:40 am now**

rotted for a bit, actually gonna catch some z's now.

**11:45 am**

caught some z's for like 35 min. took another half hour to get awake.

**2:24 pm**

feel pretty good 

---

good routine for skin:
	**Morning:** gentle cleanser, vitamin C ( / salicylic acid), moisturizer, sunscreen
	**Night:** gentle cleanser, retinoid, moisturizer

standard sleep, good sleep, hydration, cleaning pillowcases.

----

fun fact:

Some studies link particular foods and diets to acne including skim milk. whole milk is likely better

---

high:
- principled wake up
	- stared at skin care thing for 30 min.
- rotted for <10 min

low:
- brain fog all day